README.md, before:

# SPSGP-89389-Virtual-Internship---Android-Application-Development-Using-Kotlin
# Project : Grocery App
<img src= "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85965606/190914223-63fda839-130b-431c-9795-7435411e2c8d.jpg" width="680" height="500">



This is the Grocery Application that runs on android mobile phones. This is a very useful application that helps you in adding grocery items. With the help of this application, you can also see the cost.
- Thank you google for giving me the opportunity in this Externship.


## Technology Used
```bash
- Android 
- Kotlin
- Room database
```

## Some Screenshots of the Application 
.<img src= "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85965606/190863934-dd44f443-b848-43e0-b09b-3e81b3b6308c.jpeg" width="250" height="505">
.<img src= "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85965606/190863939-cb1dc95b-06b3-4b74-ba12-afef5662543e.jpeg" width="250" height="505">


## Attributes

- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/shop" title="shop icons">Shop icons created by srip - Flaticon</a>

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@mrsmaria?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Maria Lin Kim</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/grocery-bag?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

Commit message:

link upload for download the App

README.md, after:

# SPSGP-89389-Virtual-Internship---Android-Application-Development-Using-Kotlin
# Project : Grocery App - [DOWNLOAD APP](https://www.mediafire.com/file/ru30iujlwyper9j/Grocery_Application.apk/file)
<img src= "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85965606/190914223-63fda839-130b-431c-9795-7435411e2c8d.jpg" width="680" height="500">



This is the Grocery Application that runs on android mobile phones. This is a very useful application that helps you in adding grocery items. With the help of this application, you can also see the cost.
- Thank you google for giving me the opportunity in this Externship.


## Technology Used
```bash
- Android 
- Kotlin
- Room database
```

## Some Screenshots of the Application 
.<img src= "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85965606/190863934-dd44f443-b848-43e0-b09b-3e81b3b6308c.jpeg" width="250" height="505">
.<img src= "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85965606/190863939-cb1dc95b-06b3-4b74-ba12-afef5662543e.jpeg" width="250" height="505">

## Installation
... (GooglePlay Store link available soon) ...

- Use this link to download the app  
- [DOWNLOAD APP](https://www.mediafire.com/file/ru30iujlwyper9j/Grocery_Application.apk/file)

## Attributes

- <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/shop" title="shop icons">Shop icons created by srip - Flaticon</a>

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@mrsmaria?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Maria Lin Kim</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/grocery-bag?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
